#152 - Add additional documentation for configuration methods (#153)
camunda/rpa-worker: README.adoc

|===

== Supported Configuration

The RPA Worker will source its configuration from configuration files and/or environment variables.
The precedence order is documented in https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/reference/features/external-config.html[Spring's Externalized Configuration] documentation.

.Configuration Files
A configuration file can be a Properties or a YAML document. 
It can have the name `application` or `rpa-worker`. 
It can be placed in the working directory of the Worker, or in a directory named `config` therein. 
The following are all valid paths to RPA Worker configuration files:

* `rpa-worker.properties`
* `application.properties`
* `rpa-worker.yaml`
* `application.yaml`
* `config/rpa-worker.properties`
* `config/application.properties`
* etc

.Environment Variables

> Preferable for container-based deployments, the RPA Worker can source its configuration from environment variables. 
> The name of the environment variables follow https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/reference/features/external-config.html#features.external-config.typesafe-configuration-properties.relaxed-binding.environment-variables[Spring's Binding Rules];
> briefly: convert the property name to upper-case, replace dots with underscores, and remove hyphens. For example 
> `camunda.rpa.zeebe.worker-tags` would become `CAMUNDA_RPA_ZEEBE_WORKERTAGS`.

Reviewer: While the paragraph conveys the use of environment variables, I find it hard to follow. I suggest breaking up the sentences a bit to ensure better readability:

```suggestion
The RPA Worker can source its configuration from environment variables. This is mainly used for container-based deployments.
The names of the environment variables follow Spring's Binding Rules, which can be found in the https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/reference/features/external-config.html#features.external-config.typesafe-configuration-properties.relaxed-binding.environment-variables[Spring documentation on externalized configuration].

To convert a property name to an environment variable, 
 1. convert the name to upper-case
 2. replace dots with underscores
 3. remove hyphens
 
Following these steps, `camunda.rpa.zeebe.worker-tags` will become `CAMUNDA_RPA_ZEEBE_WORKERTAGS`.
```

Launching a dev container with Zeebe connection details, mapping the Worker's listener port to the host, might look like:
[source,shell]
----
$ docker run --rm -it \
    -p 36227:36227 \

>     -e CAMUNDA_CLIENT_MODE=saas \
>     -e CAMUNDA_CLIENT_AUTH_CLIENTID=abc123 \
>     -e CAMUNDA_CLIENT_AUTH_CLIENTSECRET=def234 \
>     -e CAMUNDA_CLICNE_CLUSTERID=ghi345 \
>     -e CAMUNDA_CLIENT_REGION=lpp-1 \

Reviewer: I tried it out, and I needed to adjust the variables as follows to get the container to start and connect correctly:

```suggestion
    -e CAMUNDA_CLIENT_MODE=saas \
    -e CAMUNDA_CLIENT_AUTH_CLIENT_ID=abc123 \
    -e CAMUNDA_CLIENT_AUTH_CLIENT_SECRET=def234 \
    -e CAMUNDA_CLIENT_CLUSTER_ID=ghi345 \
    -e CAMUNDA_CLIENT_REGION=lpp-1 \
```
